take a look at this we just found the
ashura oh my goodness
all right check it out guys it's trevor
james i'm super excited today because
we're bringing you in
full on for tons of east coast malaysia
specialties this is an
absolutely beautiful area we just got
into dumun
right on the south china sea here
absolutely pristine
and we're bringing you in for tons of
street food let's go check it out guys
[Music]
this is it part four of seven of our
ultimate
east coast malaysian road trip and today
we're bringing you in from du moon to
terengganu
the ultimate land of malaysian seafood
and laksa
and today's episode is very special
because we're bringing you
in for some very rare malaysian village
food and street food that you're gonna
love
so make sure to watch all the way until
the end so you don't miss any of it
let's eat and we are off guys first stop
terengganu laksa a true specialty
let's go check it out we're right on the
east coast now
driving it's absolutely beautiful here
pristine beaches and we're going to a
kampong to meet with our local buddy
shafan
whose aunt is going to be cooking the
traditional
terengganu laksa let's go check it out
guys and this is it you're kampung yeah
welcome to kampunjamu
absolutely beautiful take a look at this
and i just love how beautiful it is here
yeah endless beaches
yes uh all local people it's not it's a
real spot it just
uh oh look at here all local all natural
all natural
all the coconuts the beautiful beaches
most beautiful place in the world
i think malaysia is the best country in
the world isn't it
oh my goodness this is the endless
paradise look at this guys
wow and this is your your getaway spot
yeah
from kl yes it's just a great spot just
to get away from the busy city
wow pure relaxation so happy to be here
today
so we'll be making a terengganu laksa
yes
wow oh and this is the initial stage
making the the me it's a homemade noodle
here
so it's flour and water flour and water
wow so how is this gonna work just put
it inside
and then uh it will push it down wow
boiling water oh wow so he's just
putting a little oil on there
okay and here we go so she's putting a
catcher a basket down here
for the noodle okay so just walk it
around like this
okay here we go okay oh not yet
oh i can feel the pressure oh
there they are look at that wow
that is incredible you can feel the
pressure on there
that is amazing and it's tiring it's
hard work
this will make you sweat
love it though i love it wow and look at
that perfect
those noodles must be like one or two
meters long
and there they are they smell really
wholesome
oh
[Music]
oh it's perfectly al dante and each one
of those
is one bowl of noodles one chop
one like one portion one chop one
portion
one chat three right satu chat do a chat
and that's the terengganu pure homemade
noodle right there
wow and chef sue just invited us in
to see how she makes the terengganu
laksa and before we knew it
chiksu was preparing both a red and a
white
taranganu laksa you need to see this oh
so what do we have here
is this la is this santan oh pure santa
and coconut milk
oh what is this sambal yeah
palm sugar oh this is that sardine paste
wow and she's going to blend it
so ikan is really so important in
malaysian food right yeah
[Music]
oh fish paste going in oh and what's
this here
is this the rumpa yeah
oh curry oh
[Applause]
wow oh wow she's just mixing it in
just to make it easier to mix very nice
oh that looks delicious and there it
goes you can smell
the sardines here it comes the fish
paste the icon salayang
this is what we came to terengganu for
the laksa
thank you and thank you chef sue yeah
wow one one chop
and she cuts it easier to eat oh so
these are the laksas here yeah yeah
yeah so the white and the red yeah oh
wow try the white sure it all looks good
that's beautiful you can smell that ikon
yeah oh and what's this here there's
uh long beans cabbage
local vegetables okay
oh want to live here forever
that is so delicious jeremy cassie
[Music]
so i'll just take a little sambal okay
she's gonna add some more oh some more
broth yeah
thank you chef sue all right oh wow
let's try it out
oh beautiful
spicy yeah yeah
butts it up yeah exactly and the noodle
is so
healthy and hearty yeah it's really
dense and normal laksa
really dense yeah and the broth actually
has a slight sweetness to it as well
i think this might be the best laksa in
the world and here's the mira
the red laksa chef sue is just spoiling
us so nicely
red one today generally less thick than
the white one oh okay that's why she's
using a bowl
just to get more more broth in it wow
let's go for it
mmm
wow that room is really nice
the local spice mix it's got a rich
curry flavor to it
it's all about that broth a little
peppery and creamy and spicy
and then with that econ i can see why
you said you can eat five bowls
[Laughter]
thank you so much tara mckessie
thank you chef sue wow
tara mcassy thank you very much
see you next time that was amazing the
best laksa in the world
and we're gonna keep going on the road
trip thank you
bye-bye wow and next up
literally just 500 meters down the road
after we left cheffons
we found an incredibly rare dish cooked
only
once per year for the awa muharam
holiday in malaysia
the bubur ashura stew you need to see
this
and just look at this guys we're
cruising down the east coast now
absolutely beautiful making our way to
terengganu
and there's all of these little homes
and side
shops selling classic malay food
and oh yeah just right here look at this
let's pull into one
and see what they got and look what we
found here guys we're gonna see we've
got a giant
pot of delicious looking stew right on
the beach
on our way to terengganu wow take a look
at this
we just found the ashura
oh my goodness look at this guys it's
cooked
over the natural fire that's gonna give
it a classic
flavor a unique flavor oh bole
oh okay they're inviting me in look at
this
any
[Music]
that's sardines
oh my goodness this is a malaysian
stew and we just got so lucky to find it
today
right here in the most beautiful beach
height in the world
none packs it up
[Laughter]
oh so there's coconut fish and surai
which is lemongrass
unpacks it up that looks good
so it's rice and corn and beans and ada
oh so that's the ashura rumpa spice mix
which smells peppery actually and you
can see corns
actually they said they put pumpkin in
there as well so it might be sweet and
peppery
and with rice it's going to be filling
secret seek it
okay so like this slowly
okay it's hot
close it up oh very nice
sit up wow it's delicious sweet
coconutty you can taste a little
lemongrass in there
and a little peppery mmm
once per year only for this holiday
we just got so lucky to see this thermo
cassie
oh yeah here we go guys and this is the
scooping it's finished now
very nice and you can see it's a very
communal thing that's happening here
everyone is donating their time
and resources to create this and to give
to the community
wow there it is this is amazing karma
kassie
thank you so much and we're gonna oh
they're giving more
really terra mckessie i love malaysia
[Applause]
i love you oh really
maybe you can find someone here
happy place here jeremy cassie
see you thank you bye-bye
wow such warm hearts here and we're
gonna keep going guys bye-bye thank you
and next up before making our way to our
final
fried squid pilgrimage in taranganu
we're bringing
you in for another street food we
stopped at along the way
made the traditional way and extremely
unique
oh and look up here guys smoke on the
side of the road
let's see what this is high bus
avocado oh look at this
and look what we just stepped into here
this is the ultimate treat
natural coconut smoke coconut fire
pancake you can see we've got
they've just got tons of these coconut
husks that they're burning for fuel
and making pancakes with so add uh
then oh sugar an egg
oh and flour so triple combo tallur
egg flour toppong and gula sugar
so classic pancake wow and the
kalapa
oh my goodness this is so cool this is
really cool
and here comes the dough look at this
and what's so unique here
is that this sells so fast
look at this guys they are making them
as we speak
putting that lid on putting that coconut
that fire on
and then right over here it's sold
instantly there's a lineup of customers
and they're just boom they sell them so
fast literally like hot cakes
oh yeah and this is how it starts look
at this guys adding in the minyak
the oil miniak and oh it's so lucky to
get to see this just driving down the
street
just found it and here comes the pancake
look at this
that is unique oh i try
okay really okay
okay pour it in look at that oh
okay let's try it out so that's the
combo right there of wheat
eggs and sugar and let's just finish
that quickly
like this okay
there it is wow this is like a village
pancake and then adding coconut on top
super cool and here we go they are
finished
look at that golden brown wow
nam packs it up this is terengganu
special
look at that guys wow they're just
perfect golden brown pancakes
and there they are that's the bahulu and
these
were the ones i made here right so i
think
i'm just going to try one and we'll buy
a bunch for the road
that's the terengganu bahulu bahulu
let's try it out
wow the best part is that golden brown
aroma that it gets from the kalapa the
coconut
smoke and then it's it's quite sweet but
very nice tara makassi okay and we're
just going to buy the ones
that i made here and take them for the
road
terra mccassivas sang it sit up
okay thank you boss i can't believe
he's not taking our money thank you very
much so friendly
malaysia is so nice thank you very much
see you next time
tara mccasey boss song and sit up thank
you let's keep eating
let's go let's eat and last up to finish
up the night
we're arriving in terengganu and
bringing you to one of the most try
specialties of the state
deep fried seafood but here on a massive
scale that's worth the drive
you're gonna get hungry and we are now
reaching the pinnacle
of our trip guys we've just came into
koalanteranganu it's still
endless beaches the whole way up the
coast and there's tons of local
specialties in this city
and state and first up now that we're
here we're gonna go for some
special fried squid and seafood
let's go check it out guys oh yeah and
here it is here it is
here it is guys wow it's so busy already
oh this is going to be good and look at
this lineup guys we're going to line up
in a second but we actually just got
invited into the kitchen
hi happy
and this is pognong the boss here of
making the most incredible
ikan pong and we came here all the way
from
kuala lumpur to try it and you can see
this is the batter here the chalup
the chalupong and she's making it here
and there's the batter guys that's a
turmeric egg batter
and unpacks it up oh the sauton
these are some of the biggest squid
you'll ever see so this must be
part of the hundred and fifty kg they
sell here every day
that's
thank you and i think this is where it
all starts the icon
and you can see chef here is just
putting them in this batter
of eggs and flour and they go right in
look at that
wow that packs it up us look at all
these sotongs
there's gotta be thousands they're
making here all day and here they come
look at that
wow bizarre and then look at this
it's served and you get all of that
extra crispy goodness nam packs it up
wow look at that mountain of sotong
there
oh look at this this is the udong
station
wow oh and here's where it starts
prawns go right in look at that there's
actual turmeric in there so it's going
to give it that nice turmeric
oh just pure aroma and then the batter
looks really nice
and then they go right in look at this
beautiful and look at that she's just
scooping up
the depths of prawns there look at that
wow oh and there they are
look at those bows it up
incredible i love the red color mira
wow and there they come look at those
prawns
and they just come right out to the
customers look at that wow
and there they are daniac
and everyone here is so friendly those
look delicious look at that
wow bounce it up okay
and here we are guys we've been in the
line for one hour now and we are gonna
wow i can't wait to try these it's so
busy look at this line it goes all the
way down the road
look at this guys so we got the sotong
and i think we're definitely going to
have to get some of these
[Music]
so we got the udon and we're going to
have to definitely get some of these
oh yeah oh it's good jeremy casey bus
and then let's get a little ikan
salayang here as well oh
yeah one of those and then you come to
the register
and you pay and they're not trying to
take our money but
we have to pay it's good to insist
jeremiah cassie jeremy cassie wow
and we're gonna go enjoy these on the
beach
look at this lineup guys incredible and
here we are guys look at this
we can just park the car and have oh wow
beautiful premium grade
fried squid and prawn
right on the hood luxury beach feast
and then we also got their special i
think that's a fermented
coconut juice their special chili sauce
i think this is a tamarind
chili sauce so it should be a little
sour and sweet and scissors and we can
oh yeah look at this
this is it oh those are giant
look at that they gave us scissors and
you can just oh look at that slice
right into it let's take this special
chili sauce
and pour it on so i've heard
that this chili sauce and everything up
in the north is more sweet oh my
goodness
look at that let's just take that first
bite get it nice get a bunch of that
crispy
golden wow golden just
crispy bits and some sotong and
let's try it out
mmm
oh that batter has such an aroma to it
it's got that turmeric egg fragrance
that's just
really so nice and then the sotong
itself here
is so soft it's so satisfying and that
crispy stuff
wow it's really
and then we got this fermented coconut
drink here and i'm excited to try it
another local specialty
in terengganu try it out
oh i'm not sure if i like that it tastes
like
cheesy feet oh it's and it's fermented
oh why am i keep why do i keep drinking
it
oh it's sweet and sour and cheesy and
and stinky i need something
here to clean that out wow that's
i'm not sure if i like that
oh that's better
cassie pog jeremy
thank you that was an incredible meal
guys hope you enjoyed this video
please leave us a comment down below
make sure to subscribe as well
this is just the beginning of our
terengganu street food series we've got
another video coming up for you as well
so make sure to check back we got lots
coming up for you
thanks a lot for watching guys thank you
so much see you